Timesheet.md, before:

# Project timesheet

| päivä | aika | mitä tein                                                |
| :---: | :--- | :------------------------------------------------------- |
| 2.11. |   3  | Project initial setup, initial CI pipeline setup         |
| 3.11. |   2  | Prettier setup                                           |
| 4.11. |   2  | Eslint setup                                             |
| 5.11. |   4  | Add MongoDB Schema and corresponding tests               |
| 6.11. |   7  | Add Firebase, change MongoDB Schema and corresponding tests, add routers                                                        |
| 8.11. |   7  | Add more MongoDB Schema and tests, add more routers      |
| 9.11. |   5  | Add additional station handling method                   |
|10.11. |   3  | Add error handling in station router                     |
|14.11. |   8  | Add more MongoDB Schema and tests, add routers and fix type errors                                                               |
|17.11. |  11  | Add update handling in journey router, fix multiple bugs |
|  yht  |  52  |                                                          |

Commit message:

Add delete in journey and station router #minor

Timesheet.md, after:

# Project timesheet

| päivä | aika | mitä tein                                                |
| :---: | :--- | :------------------------------------------------------- |
| 2.11. |   3  | Project initial setup, initial CI pipeline setup         |
| 3.11. |   2  | Prettier setup                                           |
| 4.11. |   2  | Eslint setup                                             |
| 5.11. |   4  | Add MongoDB Schema and corresponding tests               |
| 6.11. |   7  | Add Firebase, change MongoDB Schema and corresponding tests, add routers                                                        |
| 8.11. |   7  | Add more MongoDB Schema and tests, add more routers      |
| 9.11. |   5  | Add additional station handling method                   |
|10.11. |   3  | Add error handling in station router                     |
|14.11. |   8  | Add more MongoDB Schema and tests, add routers and fix type errors                                                               |
|17.11. |  11  | Add update handling in journey router, fix multiple bugs |
|18.11. |   4  | Add delete handling in both station and journey router   |
|  yht  |  56  |                                                          |
